when I casually dropped the bombshell
recently that uh we're building a land
gaming center y all understandably were
like what I have so many questions so I
brought Chase and Dan out here to get
you guys the answers I can't wait to
give you guys a tour cuz there is so
much going on in here let's
go we've got two units Each of which is
about 18,000 ft and as you can see
they're brand new which comes with some
draw backs things as simple as toilets
and walls are BYO but it also means that
no one else's junk is in the way of us
executing on our vision of the ultimate
land Center there will still be some
challenges we'll be sharing the parking
allocation for this complex with at
least a dozen other tenants so uh Hey
guys do you mind if we use some of the
spots on the weekends cool but there's
lots of other great stuff about this
building it's even got water wow water
look there's even an area where you can
touch grass you can fit so much power in
this bad boy speaking of power that's
one of the biggest challenges when
you're hosting a land event how many
people are we trying to connect to this
thing we're trying to fit 250 to 300
people in here uh and we want to do
multiple way lands a year well then
we're going to show you guys exactly how
we're going to do it after this segue to
our sponsor build Redux you can build
your dream gaming rig with build Redux
you can customize your build any way you
want and let build Redux do the heavy
lifting all at a price that's comp
competitive with building a PC yourself
check out build Redux at the link down
below tour time right now we're standing
in what's going to be a closed off land
equipment storage area because under
normal circumstances this is going to be
a Badminton Center so the idea is
everything we need to host a land is on
pallets and wrapped or on racking inside
this area and what's our goal for roll
out and unroll out we basically just
want to roll out the entire land in like
a single day set up all the table set up
all the power all the networking and
then roll it back into this area so that
we can be back to playing babington as
fast as possible freaking awesome but
that means that there's some stuff that
we have to hardwire into the building so
from the panel over here we're going to
be using these twist and lock power
connectors they're called
cs6369 connectors and then each of those
is going to be positioned what I think
it was about 20 F feet apart all the way
down the building yeah and each
receptacle is going to be 50 amp and 240
volt so we plug into a distribution box
and then that runs out to each lane so
we can power everyone's computer
hopefully without an issue so then this
side is going to be checkin it's going
to be our stage it's going to be kind of
like console or retro areas if we have
any other booths or activations
everything's going to run along here
that way you can kind of split the the
whole room for the console area we could
steal my old projector setup yeah we'll
have full lighting control in here we're
going to just completely cover over all
the windows because you don't want any
light for badmington and you especially
don't want any light for a land party no
so man we could have like even like a
couple projector walls for people to
play Smash or whatever yeah for sure I
mean if you look at this wall over here
there's actually just these huge blank
gaps that's perfect for projectors and
anything else you want to throw up on
the about that bad news uh that wall is
going to be kind of an ugly color for
badminton so what color is it going to
be like green or blue okay well we'll
definitely just have to use the other
wall then yeah that wall is going to be
the same color for the same reason uh
guess I guess we're going to have to
invest in some projector screens yeah
don't worry we got a okay okay enough
power though we brought Dan here for a
reason let's talk about networking but
to get there we're going to have to kind
of Traverse the badminton area where's
the slots going L us uh slots you say
well officially we aren't going to have
any but Chase I think you were saying we
could put arcade machines along this
wall yeah we could have a row here or in
this little corner right here so we have
a lot of room for a lot of activities we
don't have arcade machines we will
figure something out I see here on our
way up I'll give you the lay of the lamp
this double door is going to be staff
only and completely closed off during
land events for security this is going
to be the entrance um service area and
pro shop for the Badminton Center this
right here is going to be the world's
most expensive hallway between the pro
shop and what will be the concession
change room area and that's because
these two units were not really designed
to be combined so there's a giant
support beam here ah the reason I bring
this up though is under these stairwells
there's going to be a couple little
Harry Potter closets one of which is
going to be a network closet that is
connected
to I'm not going to run all the way
there now it's quite far which is the
reason that we need this little closet
because otherwise some of the lines
along this wall would have been too long
Ethernet can only do about 100 m before
you start running into trouble on this
side this is going to be all badminton
all the time although who knows if wh
land gets huge maybe we'll wire it up
for power or networking at some point
it's going to have badminton specific
lighting though special HVAC so that
there aren't air currents within the
space all kinds of cool stuff then over
here we're going to have our change
rooms and our concession area so men's
change room little utility area with a
sink and washer dryer that kind of stuff
women's change room naturally this is
the women's with the natural light they
always get the nicer bathrooms this is
going to be a little concession area
we're hoping to have like you know
muffins coffee bubble tea that sort of
thing and then this is the stairwell
that I was hoping to take up and it's on
the ground uh that's okay we'll take the
other one hopefully that'll be fine this
is toode right seems like it here we are
we're going to have a little office
space right here and a network closet
that um I am deeply worried about this
we're supposed to have one of those big
flooring eaten UPS units in here want to
run us through what we're going to have
in here well I mean we've got our ups
we've got our full-size rack we've got
our switching infrastructure for like
the 300 individual ethernet runs we
don't need 300 individual runs do we
yeah I mean this place is massive we're
getting all ethernet down the sides here
we've having the fiber runs we've got
ethernet runs for all of the ethernet
connected speakers we've got all our
Visa machines downstairs all the cameras
all the cameras taking security very
seriously all of the door access Chase
do you have the plans yeah I do so this
is uh the server room and then the
office right next to it so I don't I
don't know this this looks like it's
right yeah that's right I think it was
bigger at some point it's tall we could
just put the on top of each other like
bunk beds servers I like that idea
that's a good idea lest does not seem
amused oh okay how did this happen I
mean that's about 19 in this could be
our rack this is going to be just like
the one under the stupid office stairs
there's enough room it'll be fine well
we're going to get that resolved but one
way or another about every 10 ft so
twice as many drops as the power drops
we're going to have both ethernet and
fiber in a perfect world we're going to
use the fiber and we're going to have 25
gig going to each row of computers so
that would mean everyone gets a full
dedicated gigabit Uplink to what is not
going to be the fastest internet ever
but given that we're going to have uh
steam cache in here that will also
handle uh caching Windows updates and
all that other kind of cool stuff should
be more than enough speed for anything
you guys would want to do while you're
here and then because fiber's fragile
and this is going to be a Badminton
Center 98% of the time in case that gets
damaged we're going to have cat 6A
dropping down to each of those spots as
well and the capability of having a 10
gig copper Uplink in case we need to
it's like you might have to slum it with
500 megabit to your desk assuming
everyone is hitting it at the same time
I think you'll be all right is this the
bathroom up here Dan I think so
considering there's a toilet hole and
another thing there wasn't 100% sure if
it was a toilet hole
um it does look like a toilet hole
though I mean any hole is a toilet hole
this is going to be a
kitchenette um with the idea being that
if we turn this into a member's lounge
or turn it into more gaming area during
L uh you'd be able to you know microwave
some pizza pops or whatever the case may
be and then over here through this door
is going to be a gym nothing heavy we're
not going to have like massive weight
machines or anything like that I'm
talking some treadmills and other cardio
stuff maybe some medicine balls that
sort of thing and then it'll also be an
observation area where you can kind of
you know your kids got badminton lessons
or something you can stand on the
treadmill watch the
lesson everything's kind of in flux
right now though it could change just
like you know we changed this having
stairs haha in all seriousness these
stairs will come back the original plan
was actually to have them go down a
little bit across and then up to the
other side but there was a reason we
couldn't do that I forget what it is so
now we have this door hey I found the
toilet for your toilet holes oh perfect
it's makes a good stand honestly yeah
for the backpack from LTT store.com hey
nice why did you put yours on the bowl
you said it wasn't used we should talk
about how the PA system is going to work
that's right man there's nothing that
makes me more Angry than a PA system
that could the owner of a
whose lights are on I don't know so I
tasked Dan who actually has a ton of
experience in audio with coming up with
a PA system that's going to not suck and
we ended up with uh it's a full Dante
integration with ethernet connected Poe
speakers pretty much everywhere honestly
seeing this place for the first time
today I'm a little concerned but I think
it'll be fine oh good that's always a
good sign thankfully one of the
controllers that we got for this has
some really powerful Echo rejection as
well cuz we're going to have wireless
microphones and things like that yes
some of the major issues with having
microphones in a giant Echo chamber like
this is the speakers feeding back into
the microphones however one thing that's
going to help is you know how we always
spray the ceilings in our building we're
going to do it here as well because as
much as I love the sound of like you
know I actually hate that sound I also
hate being standing on the opposite side
of the court and not being able to hear
what the other person's saying because
of all the standing waves so yeah we're
going to spray it and then in the long
term we'd like to also get some giant
panels and just kind of plunk them on
the wall every once in a while as well
that will be great yeah we're going to
do some hanging speakers up there all of
the speakers are going to be along the
walls as well in here we're going to do
them everywhere how many speakers are we
going to have I think it's like 40 or
something it's a lot but I mean the
place is giant right there's really only
one or two in here um the nice thing
about doing Dante is for the microphones
and things like that any ethernet Jack
in the building you can just plug them
in and you're good to go all of which is
obviously going to be great for lands
but also good for badminton we want to
run tournaments here and when you're
calling people to their court it's nice
to be able to actually hear them
especially if you're in the change room
or something like that and in the long
term we have very big dreams for what we
could do technologically here for
badminton we're going to have cameras on
every court right out of the gate so if
you're running a tournament or something
like that you can just send a twitch
link to your parents and they can watch
or you know cool stuff like that for the
kids and then in the long term we'd love
to use those cameras to have a little
instant replay you see these trenches on
the floors each of these is going to
carry power and networking from the wall
to the center between each court and the
idea is that we could run anything here
but in the short term the plan is to
have TVs one here one here one here one
here so that on each Court after each
point the camera says okay hey the
shuttle touch the floor use Machine
Vision for that and then it'll play back
the last 3 or 4 seconds so that you
don't have any disputes about line calls
for
example I would love to automate
scorekeeping in the very long term but
that's going to take some serious work
and maybe a bigger Network closet for
all the gpus that would have to power
it bunk beds we're not doing bunk beds D
we're doing bunk
beds now we'll we'll be fine I mean we
got the Chino which has 6 490s in it
that'll fit in there they're going to
need that back
uh since we're here did you guys have
any other questions or concerns yeah are
we going to be covering up all of these
windows especially the ones on the roof
and the sides all the windows are going
to be blacked out okay perfect yeah we
want perfect light control in here for
badminton and then for a land in the
longer term I'd love to have two sets of
Lights visible lights and then black
lights mhm so we could just turn the
whole place like like like Rave style
all black light I think that be you
could get those ones that blind people
no no oh we get the ones where we'd have
like UV reactive paint and then we'd put
some stuff on the walls that only shows
up when you're hosting the land sign the
sign the wall kind of thing in UV light
oh for middle of the night stuff there's
no reason we couldn't bring some stuff
from LTX right yeah we could bring
anything that we still have from LTX
back here so like the RC cars the Retro
Corner any of those kinds of boosts if
we still have some of the stuff kicking
around fun would figure it out okay we
depend though like the RC cars is that
would we be playing badminton on the
weekends on that side of the building
during the day certainly but whether it
would be happening at night depends on
whether we have 24/7 access for
Badminton Club members got it and that's
TBD right now so almost certainly we
won't at the very beginning so I see no
reason why we couldn't open up those
doors at night and just like go Hog Wild
over there yeah I mean it gives us a ton
of space to just do some fun activations
if we have anything that needs a little
bit more room and I think I did pretty
okay with the speaker placements there's
going to be a center one just above you
and then of course kind of dotted around
with all the walls and if you treat it
then I think this will be okay right now
it definitely needs it oh yeah oh yeah I
want to convolution this so I can
capture it it's a beautiful
Reverb horrendous yeah send me that and
while you're at it maybe send him this
message from our sponsor Square
creating your own website shouldn't be
difficult luckily with Squarespace it's
not their all-in-one platform makes it
easy to get your website up and running
quickly just start with their fluid
engine site Builder pick a template and
then you can customize every detail
imaginable with drag and drop technology
for desktop or for mobile then you
upload whatever photos or files you need
and the Squarespace asset Library lets
you manage all of your files from one
Central Hub and use them across the
Squarespace platform and then once your
site is out in the wild you'll get
detailed analytic insights so you can
see what's working well and What needs a
little TLC and if you need help
Squarespace has got your back with
helpful guides and a 24/7 support team
so don't wait go to squarespace.com
and get 10% off today if you guys
enjoyed this video hey I'm going to
throw over to the channel super fun we
did in the studio back when it was just
an empty box like this man looking at it
now it's hard to believe that it was
ever just bare concrete and walls and I
promise you guys this place is going to
look flipping amazing even though it
doesn't look like much yet chase is on
the case it's a PAW Patrol reference I
can tell you have kids